there's lots of young women out there
who've never seen anything remotely
resembling a positive male role model
and it's no bloody wonder that those
girls are attracted by the radical
leftist insistence that the patriarchy
is an oppressive monster it's perfectly
possible now to grow up as a girl and
never encounter a man who can commit to
anything not to a job not to a person
not to his own future and these girls
that don't have the model of positive
masculinity they assume that men are
there to do nothing but take short-term
sexual gratification and carry none of
the load it's no bloody Wonder they're
skeptical of the patriarchy and then
avoidant of men